Repo not maintained (#52)
C2SM/icon-vis: README.md

# ⚠️ Unmaintained

> > This repository is no longer maintained and will not receive updates, bug fixes, or support.

Reviewer: Perhaps just for safety in case we decide to revist it? eg with examples using earthkit plots which will have native ICON support.. or then perhaps we dont need the repo at all. 

```suggestion
> This repository is not currently maintained and will not receive updates, bug fixes, or support.
```
